sup guys today I'm gonna be showing you
how to download the notice griefing
client for our Minecraft version 1.3
point one or one point three point two
for mac this will also work on PC so
link will be in the description for the
download so you want to go to Safari
either or the link will take you to this
so when you're here you will go to
downloads download notice one point
three point 1 / 1 point three point two
you do that now while that way to open
up minecraft show you I don't have it I
just do that download that all right you
see right it doesn't say don't need to
notice anywhere that means I don't have
it so you x that out I really already
downloaded it so you you take care
notice update that jar file you could
drag that right out here now you could
close your browser if you want and I go
open up your finder okay you want to go
to go go to folder and then type that in
just how you see it I wanted to go they
wanna go to your bin folder and this
minecraft.jar folder you don't want it
anymore but you don't delete it you just
changed her name to Minecraft that job
then you take this notice update that
jar full file on and then you change the
name to Minecraft that jar now you could
close this out so when you're done with
that you're pretty much done so i'll
open up minecraft for you guys in
see it says donate to notice that means
if that pops up that means you left you
it work it works at multiplayer too so
now I'll just go single player to show
you guys and you see on the top left how
it says notice all that tab GOI enabled
mods I mean do you have it so now you
press y know to put in full screen if
you press Y to open up like the mod menu
I guess and you could just pick whatever
ma do you want and right here it says
like all the mods enabled mods so I have
that on right now we'll just take that
off there's critical all right now to
get out of this you just hit escape or
if so you're no longer games and you
don't have time to open that menu up use
your arrows and just pick one and then
if I want auto my enter on it where have
you you know Barbie your cursor goes
you're gonna mind that so enter again go
to that and now you know you could use
these x-ray you just hit X you see
there's the coal iron note on this gold
I don't think oh because timing all
right we're right there is diamond X
again to get out of that um if you do
you you could actually add a friend so
like if it's gonna if you do y and then
you get force field now just hit anyone
around you and if you're playing with
friends and you you don't want to hear
them you do you go up here and then you
do friend oops friend add and then their
username and then you just hit enter and
that's how to get notice client for
Minecraft
mac and pc rate comment subscribe and a
community description